Hi, everyone.
In this next year, we are going to create the forum submission event listener.
All right, now, why is that important?
Why do we need to create the form submission of.
This is important because whenever you click this button or or in or technically when you submit this
form is when the the superheroes are at it.
Right.
So you like this.
Perfect.
So that's when the superheroes are at it.
Right.
So this form submission could also work with with clicking this button or just hitting enter.
Doesn't matter.
Even like done specifically key codes for them.
So I'm going to I'm going to come down here and in here.
I'm going to create this comment, this very long comment, and I'm going to say events, because we
are going to have, I think, two different events.
So I'm going to say below this line is everything related to events, which has actually nothing to
do with the classes.
The classes are right here, are not creating classes.
We will be instantiating them here.
So first things first.
Let's grab the our form.
OK, so I'm not going to create a comment.
So I'm going to say const form.
We are going to say document, document dot query selector and we're going to select the form by its
class name, which is Super Hero Dash four.
Right.
So we have successfully selected that.
We are going to say form that ad event listener and we are listening for when the form is submitted
and when the form is submitted.
We want to run a certain function and we are going to grab the event object associated with this form,
with this event, which is submit first stuff before doing this, before saving all this.
When I click on this, you can see that the page is reloading.
So click page, reload.
That's because it is the default behavior.
So first off, we are going to prevent the default behavior because when we click, we don't want to
submit anything to the Internet.
We just want to store it inside the superhero list.
Right.
So click stored there.
So first things first.
We need to grab the values for these inputs.
So the values for the superhero input name, then we have the superhero universe, then we have the
submit button.
Now, I know that it's not that visible here.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come to see assess where is the hmm.
Ally.
We have font size.
We have color.
Oh, that's label.
I'm sorry.
That's not a lie.
So let's say that let's come to the label.
I'm just going to change the color and we are going to revert to back if I if I remember.
At the end of this chapter, oops, now this part is not readable.
Well, I didn't think that through.
All right.
Anyway, I'm going I'm going to leave it here.
So let's grab the values from these inputs.
So the way that I wasted two minutes there, I know we are going to use the structuring assignment,
the structuring.
Right.
So first off, we have our superhero superhero name.
The next and the next one that we want to grab is going to be superhero universe.
And then we have super hero power.
Now, the value for the superhero name, basically, we are creating three variables in here and just
one line of code and we are assigning values in this era.
So the first item of this array is going to be assigned to this variable.
The second item of this area is going to assign to this, and the third one is going to be assigned
to this.
This is meant to provide us with easier with less assignment of declarations of light and constant lit
and const.
So we are going to document that query selector.
We have never done this.
Now we are doing it.
So we are going to say no.
So this is going to give us that name input, but we want to grab the value.
So I'm just going to say value and not not value were just we just want to value.
Now, this is going to be assigned to superhero name and let's do this two more times.
I'm going to copy it and I'm going to paste it, had a comma, paste it and let's change it to this
time.
It is going to be universe, so universe.
And finally, this one is going to be power.
So let's save it.
That's it for this picture.
See you guys in the next one.